Now before we end this lesson let's add one more thing.
Ideally when visitors visit non existing route
in our page they will get 404 error page right?
But currently if we try to visit non existing route
we will get a blank here.
So let's create a new component that represents not
front page error and then we'll map it to our route
Let's go back to our editor. Here
let's switch back to routes.js
let's duplicate this line
and change this to let's say not found page. This
component currently doesn't exist and we'll create that shortly.
For now let's map this component to our route.
But how can we do that.
Do you have an idea?
Well to do that we need to define a brand new route
now for the path
we can just say asterisk that means anything.
Then we can specify the component
and set it to not found
page. Also note that this route record should
be defined at the end of our route definition.
If you define that as the first then any routes that you
would access will always show the page not found
because the vue router will scan the route path
sequentially from the beginning to the end of the
array.
If one route record matches then other routes will be ignored.
All right
Now let's go to js pages and here let's create a brand new file.
Let's call it not found
page dot vue
let's add a template tag
and for now let's add a message page not found
let's save all changes.
Back to the browser reload.
There we go
we'll have page not found message.
If we visit the existing route
We have no issue.
All right
The next thing that we need to do is
to make this error page a bit fancy.
So let's navigate to getbootstrap dot com
go to documentation and find jumbotron.
let's just simply copy this markup back to our editor
let's replace this with bootstrap Jumbotron
let's change the heading to Page Not Found.
Also let's change the paragraph to something more meaningful.
Let's say Sorry the page you are looking for is not found.
Let's also provide a way to go back to the homepage.
Just get rid of these
and add router link to name
home
the class is going to be btn btn primary btn lg.
And the bottom's text is going to be back to homepage.
Save this
and let's have a look
maybe I'll need  to put this in container
reload
OK. Let
Me and text center
reload again. Great I think now it is look better. And
that's it for this lesson we've learned how to install
and configure vue router in our application.
We've defined some page components
and map them to particular routes.
We've seen how to protect a particular
route using vue router navigation guard.
And we've also seen how to create page
not found error for our client routes
In the next lesson we are gonna start consuming our
backend API to display all the questions in our single
page application. So see you there.